README.md, before:

# paste capsule

capsule for storing/displaying pastes associated with tags. it is built in flask
and i included configs for using gunicorn and nginx for deploy. the backend is redis,
which doesn't necessarily make a whole lot of sense, but i like redis and wanted
to play around

## dependencies
* flask
* redis
* nginx
* gunicorn (and and i used gevent)

## install

### app and dependencies
substitute `virtualenv` for `mkvirtualenv` below if not using virtualenv wrapper.
depending on your user and permissions you may have to `sudo` or do some `chown`ing
```
git clone https://github.com/tr3buchet/paste_capsule.git
cd paste_capsule
mkdir /opt
mkvirtualenv /opt/paste_capsule
. /opt/paste_capsule/bin/activate
python setup.py install
```

### host configuration
add the following to `/etc/paste_capsule.conf` but set your own hostname
```
[paste_capsule]
hostname = host.name.com
```

### nginx
```
cp etc/nginx/sites-available/paste_capsule /etc/nginx/sites-available/paste_capsule
# edit server_name in the server block to the hostname set in /etc/paste_capsule.conf
vi /etc/nginx/sites-available/paste_capsule
ln -s /etc/nginx/sites-available/paste_capsule /etc/nginx/sites-enabled/paste_capsule
# reload nginx config
systemctl reload nginx
```

### systemd gunicorn
```
cp etc/systemd/system/paste_capsule.socket /etc/systemd/system/paste_capsule.socket
cp etc/systemd/system/paste_capsule.service /etc/systemd/system/paste_capsule.service

# edit paste_capsule.service and set the user and group for permissions
vi /etc/systemd/system/paste_capsule.service

# enable and start the socket
systemctl enable paste_capsule.socket
systemctl start paste_capsule.socket
```

### redis
there are plenty of guides out there for installing [redis](http://redis.io).
the app is configured to connect to redis using a unix socket, so maake sure
`/etc/redis/redis.conf` has a unix socket configured, set perms according to
your desires
```
# check for or set
unixsocket /run/redis.sock
unixsocketperm 777
```
restart redis
```
systemctl restart redis-server
```
if you look in the paste_capsule code you'll see a description of the redis schema.
also, paste_capsule uses db 3. you can completely reset the app, deleting all data,
by running `flushdb` from `redis-cli`. there are structures added to the redis schema
for the purposes of cleanly deleting keys later. i'll probably rewrite this such that
the app is a little more fault tolerant of missing pastes that have not been deleted
cleanly

### permissions
make sure the user/group you set up in `/etc/systemd/system/paste_capsule.service` has
rwx permissions on `/opt/paste_capsule`

Commit message:

Update README.md to reflect config changes

README.md, after:

# paste capsule

capsule for storing/displaying pastes associated with tags. it is built in flask
and i included configs for using gunicorn and nginx for deploy. the backend is redis,
which doesn't necessarily make a whole lot of sense, but i like redis and wanted
to play around

## dependencies
* flask
* redis
* nginx
* gunicorn (and and i used gevent)

## install

### app and dependencies
substitute `virtualenv` for `mkvirtualenv` below if not using virtualenv wrapper.
depending on your user and permissions you may have to `sudo` or do some `chown`ing
```
git clone https://github.com/tr3buchet/paste_capsule.git
cd paste_capsule
mkdir /opt
mkvirtualenv /opt/paste_capsule
. /opt/paste_capsule/bin/activate
python setup.py install
```

### nginx
```
cp etc/nginx/sites-available/paste_capsule /etc/nginx/sites-available/paste_capsule
# edit server_name in the server block to the hostname of the machine
vi /etc/nginx/sites-available/paste_capsule
ln -s /etc/nginx/sites-available/paste_capsule /etc/nginx/sites-enabled/paste_capsule
# reload nginx config
systemctl reload nginx
```

### systemd gunicorn
```
cp etc/systemd/system/paste_capsule.socket /etc/systemd/system/paste_capsule.socket
cp etc/systemd/system/paste_capsule.service /etc/systemd/system/paste_capsule.service

# edit paste_capsule.service and set the user and group for permissions
# also set the PASTE_CAPSULE_HOSTNAME to the same value in the nginx config
vi /etc/systemd/system/paste_capsule.service

# enable and start the socket
systemctl enable paste_capsule.socket
systemctl start paste_capsule.socket
```

### redis
there are plenty of guides out there for installing [redis](http://redis.io).
the app is configured to connect to redis using a unix socket, so maake sure
`/etc/redis/redis.conf` has a unix socket configured, set perms according to
your desires
```
# check for or set
unixsocket /run/redis.sock
unixsocketperm 777
```
restart redis
```
systemctl restart redis-server
```
if you look in the paste_capsule code you'll see a description of the redis schema.
also, paste_capsule uses db 3. you can completely reset the app, deleting all data,
by running `flushdb` from `redis-cli`. there are structures added to the redis schema
for the purposes of cleanly deleting keys later. i'll probably rewrite this such that
the app is a little more fault tolerant of missing pastes that have not been deleted
cleanly

### permissions
make sure the user/group you set up in `/etc/systemd/system/paste_capsule.service` has
rwx permissions on `/opt/paste_capsule`
